now the word of the Lord came to me
saying son of man set your face against
GOG of the land of Magog the prince of
Rosh Meshach and tubal and prophesy
against him and say thus says the Lord
God behold I am against you O GOG the
Prince of rosh Meshach and tubal I will
turn you around put hooks into your jaws
and lead you out with all your army
horses and horsemen all splendidly
clothed a great company with buckler's
and shields all of them handling Psalms
Persia Ethiopia and Libya are with them
all of them with shield and helmet
Goma and all its troops the house of
Tagami from the far north and all its
troops many people are with you prepare
yourself and be ready you and all your
companies that are gathered about you
and be a guard for them after many days
you will be visited in the latter years
you will come into the land of those
brought back from the sword and gathered
from many people on the mountains of
Israel which had long been desolate they
were brought out of the nations and now
all of them dwell safely
you will ascend coming like a storm
covering the land like a cloud you and
all your troops and many people's with
you on that day it shall come to pass
that thoughts will arise in your mind
and you will make an evil clan you will
say I will go up against a land of
unwalled villages I will go to a
peaceful people who dwell safely all of
them dwelling without walls and having
neither bars nor gates to take plunder
and to take booty to stretch out your
hand against the waste places that are
again inhabited and against a people
gathered from the nations who have
acquired livestock and goods who dwell
in the midst of the land Sheba didn't
the merchants of Tarshish and all their
young lions will say to you have you
come to take plunder have you gathered
your army to take booty to carry away
silver and gold to take away livestock
and goods to take great plunder
therefore son of man prophesy and say to
GOG thus says the Lord God on that day
when my people Israel dwelt safely will
you not know it then you will come from
your place out of the far north you and
many people's with you all of them
riding on horses
a great company and a mighty army you
will come up against my people Israel
like a cloud to cover the land it will
be in the latter days that I will bring
you against my land so that the nations
may know me when I am hallowed in you O
GOG before their eyes thus says the Lord
God are you he of whom I have spoken in
former days by my servants the prophets
of Israel who prophesied four years in
those days that I would bring you
against them and it will come to pass at
the same time when gog comes against the
land of Israel says the Lord God that my
fury will show in my face for in my
jealousy and in the fire of my wrath I
have spoken surely in that day there
shall be a great earthquake in the land
so that the fish of the sea the birds of
the heavens the beasts of the field old
creeping things that creep on the earth
and all men who are on the face of the
earth
shall shake at my presence the mountain
shall be thrown down the steep places
shall fall and every wall shall fall to
the ground I will call for a sword
against God throughout all my mountains
says the Lord God every man's sword will
be against his brother and I will bring
him to judgment with pestilence and
bloodshed I will rain down on him on his
troops and on the many peoples who are
with him flooding rain great hailstones
fire and brimstone thus I will magnify
myself and sanctify myself and I will be
known in the eyes of many nations then
they shall know that I am the Lord
you